.. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2020-2021 Intel Corporation
..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

.. default-domain:: cpp

.. _`open source implementation`: https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN/tree/dev-graph

#####
Graph
#####

oneDNN Graph API extends oneDNN with a unified high-level graph API for multiple
AI hardware classes (CPU, GPU, accelerators). With a flexible graph interface,
it maximizes the optimization opportunity for generating efficient code across a
variety of Intel and non-Intel HW, and can be closely integrated with ecosystem
framework and inference engines. oneDNN Graph API accepts a deep learning
computation graph as input and performs graph partitioning, where nodes that are
candidates for fusion are grouped together. oneDNN Graph compiles and executes a
group of deep learning operations in a graph partition as a fused operation.

With the graph as input, oneDNN Graph implementation can perform target-specific
optimization and code generation on a larger scope, which allows it to map the
operation to hardware resources and improve execution efficiency and data
locality with a global view of the computation graph. With the rapid
introduction of hardware support for dense compute, the deep learning workload
characteristic changed significantly from a few hot spots on compute-intensive
operations to a broad number of operations scattering across the applications.
Accelerating a few compute-intensive operations using primitive API has
diminishing returns and limits the performance potential. It is critical to have
a graph API to better exploit hardware compute capacity.

oneDNN Graph API provides graph partition as a unified graph interface for
different types of  AI hardware classes. Users construct a graph with operations
and logical tensors and pass it to oneDNN Graph implementation to get
partitions. oneDNN Graph implementation has a chance to receive a full graph and
decides the best way to partition, with the consideration of maximizing
performance and coordinating with the applicationâ€™s control of hardware
resources. As the partition size can range from single op to the full graph, it
satisfies the different needs of graph size for compilation and execution on
different AI hardware.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   conventions.rst
   programming_model.rst
   data_model.rst
   ops/index.rst

**************************
Open Source Implementation
**************************

This specification provides high-level descriptions for oneDNN Graph programming
model and operation set. More implementation-specific details can be found at
`open source implementation`_.

.. vim: ts=3 sw=3 et spell spelllang=en
